Day 1 – Setup & Introduction to Next.js
  Today marked the official start of my internship, and the focus was entirely on setting up the development environment and getting acquainted with Next.js. I successfully completed the initial setup and created my very first Next.js project.
1. Installed Node.js and Development Tools
   To begin, I installed Node.js, which is essential for running JavaScript outside of a browser and for managing project dependencies. Along with Node.js, I ensured I had the necessary development tools in place, such as a code editor (VS Code is my preference) and a terminal. This foundational step is crucial for any modern web development workflow.
   Downloaded and installed Node.js LTS version from https://nodejs.org
   Verified installation using:
   node -v
   npm -v
   Installed Visual Studio Code as the code editor
2. Created First Next.js Project Using create-next-app
   With Node.js in place, I used the create-next-app command-line tool to bootstrap my first Next.js project. This command automatically sets up a new Next.js application with a pre-configured structure, allowing for a quick and efficient start. It's an incredibly useful tool that saves a lot of initial setup time.
   Used npx to create a new project:
   npx create-next-app@latest my-next-app
   Navigated into the project folder:
   cd my-next-app
   Started the development server:
   npm run dev
   Opened the app at http://localhost:3000
3. Understood Project Structure & Configuration Files
   After creating the project, I spent time exploring the generated file structure. I familiarized myself with key directories like pages, public, and styles, and understood their roles in a Next.js application. I also looked into important configuration files such as package.json (for project dependencies and scripts) and next.config.js (for customizing Next.js behavior). Gaining this understanding early on is vital for efficient development and debugging.
   Key Folders and Files:
   Folder/File	Purpose
   app/	Contains pages and routes (App Router)
   public/	Stores static assets like images
   styles/	Contains CSS files
   package.json	Project metadata and dependencies
   next.config.js	Next.js configuration
   tsconfig.json	TypeScript configuration (if selected)
   .gitignore	Git ignore rules
